Add additional-guest-memory-overhead-ratio setting (#615)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

}
```

### `additional-guest-memory-overhead-ratio`

**Definition**: The ratio to futher tune the VM `memory overhead`.

> Each VM is configured with a memory value, this memory is targeted for the VM guest OS to see and use. In Harvester, the VM is carried by a Kubernetes POD. The memory limitation is achieved by Kubernetes [Resource requests and limits of Pod and container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container). Certain amount of memory is required to simulate and manage the `CPU/Memory/Storage/Network/...` for the VM to run. Harvester and KubeVirt summarize such additional memory as the VM `Memory Overhead`. The `Memory Overhead` is computed by a complex formula formula. However, sometimes the OOM(Out Of Memory) can still happen and the related VM is killed by the Harvester OS, the direct cause is that the whole POD/Container exceeds its memory limits. From practice, the `Memory Overhead` varies on different kinds of VM, different kinds of VM operating system, and also depends on the running workloads on the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each VM is configured with a memory value, this memory is targeted for the VM guest OS to see and use. In Harvester, the VM is run in a virt-launcher pod. CPU/VM resource limits are translated and applied to the launcher pod[Resource requests and limits of Pod and container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container). Kubevirt ensures certain amount of memory is reserved in the pod for managing the virtualisation process. Harvester and KubeVirt summarize such additional memory as the VM `Memory Overhead`. The `Memory Overhead` is computed by a complex formula formula. However, sometimes the OOM(Out Of Memory) can still happen and the related VM is killed by the Harvester OS, the direct cause is that the whole POD/Container exceeds its memory limits. From practice, the `Memory Overhead` varies on different kinds of VM, different kinds of VM operating system, and also depends on the running workloads on the VM.
```

Author: Updated, thanks.

This setting is for more flexibly tuning the VM `Memory Overhead`.

**Default values**: `"1.5"`

Valid values: `""`, `"0"` and from `"1.0"` to `"10.0"`.

A VM that is configured to have `1 CPU, 2 Gi Memory, 1 Volume and 1 NIC` will get around `240 Mi` `Memory Overhead` when the ratio is `"1.0"`. When the ratio is `"1.5"`, the `Memory Overhead` is `360 Mi`. When the ratio is `"3"`, the `Memory Overhead` is `720 Mi`.

A VM that is configured to have `1 CPU, 64 Gi Memory, 1 Volume and 1 NIC` will get around `250 Mi` `Memory Overhead` when the ratio is `"1.0"`. The VM memory size does not have a big influence on the computing of `Memory Overhead`.

> 

Reviewer: can we please also explain why with a 64G VM the mem reserved is still 250M when users may wonder it would be higher considering a 2G VM got 240M

Author: When 2 VMs have different RAM size and same other params, the final `overhead` has tiny differences:

https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/1466b658f78b9b8bb9517ffb6dafd4b777f33fe6/pkg/virt-controller/services/renderresources.go#L313

```
	// Add the memory needed for pagetables (one bit for every 512b of RAM size)
	pagetableMemory := resource.NewScaledQuantity(vmiMemoryReq.ScaledValue(resource.Kilo), resource.Kilo)
	pagetableMemory.Set(pagetableMemory.Value() / 512)
	overhead.Add(*pagetableMemory)
```

Author: Updated the document to add 
>The overhead of `guest OS pagetables` needs one bit for every 512b of RAM size.
